[] Speaker #A: Fig that out.
[] Speaker #B: What? The hill. I can't hear. What's up dude? Can you hear me?
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Look at you. Blam. So where do we begin? Yeah, well, I mean update me. Give me a sense of like I'm inferring a little bit there, but u Update me.
[] Speaker #A: Uh huh.
[] Speaker #B: W okay.
[] Speaker #A: M okay.
[] Speaker #B: Okay.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Jeez. M hmm. Right sure.
[] Speaker #A: Mm hmm yeah yeah yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: M yeah right. Holy crap. I get it. Mm hmm sure.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: She she wasn't being subtle in her encouragement.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Sure.
[] Speaker #A: Mm h yeah yeah. M h yeah.
[] Speaker #B: I don't yeah I don't need your help.
[] Speaker #A: Sure yeah right yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Right. It's not like you got a lot going on.
[] Speaker #A: Yep yep.
[] Speaker #B: Sure.
[] Speaker #A: Right yeah yeah yeah it.
[] Speaker #B: Right. Deposit.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah yeah yeah right yeah yeah. ###eah yeah. Down. Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Yeah. You're setting some boundaries.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah yeah yeah. Right yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: That'S fine. It's not making me feel any sort of way. Carry on.
[] Speaker #A: M yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Right like salt of the earth kind of stuff.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Still.
[] Speaker #A: Right. Yeah yeah yeah yeah right.
[] Speaker #B: Mm hmm yeah. Just a big old shit sandwich. What's, what's the what's the hold up like divorce wise? Is it like on the legal wrangling kind of stuff or. M hmm.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah. Okay. Okay yeah yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: That'S yeah, that's what yeah okay. That ends up being the consequence of that good.
[] Speaker #A: That it's cheap.
[] Speaker #B: And again, in some ways the divorce ends up in terms of what you're talking about. It'like it's the technicality at the end, but it's not really changing what the practical day to day is like. Right, sure. Of course.
[] Speaker #A: Right yeah. Don't yeah.
[] Speaker #B: The slowdown in the pat and it's.
[] Speaker #A: Like.
[] Speaker #B: It jives with the pattern even in the other areas. Texting and you know, sitting in the card. Halloween and like, you know, it' this kind of controlling finding yourself she's still trying to control when you're like there's not grounds for controlling me here.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah yeah right. Yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Well what do we wanted to do about it? Hu.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Sure yeah. You're like treading water at that point.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: No, you're good. You're good right?
[] Speaker #A: Yeah yeah. Right yeah right yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: With a piece of paper.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Outfitted.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Right. Don't unless it's like imminent self harm ore yeah no, you're good.
[] Speaker #A: ###Ah.
[] Speaker #B: Of course you got a lot going on. This is. This is nuts.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah yeah.
[] Speaker #B: I mean it's just fucking. It's.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: And the house is not selling just because of the market and all of that. Or does she have it listed too high?
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Okay. Right.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah.
[] Speaker #B: It'S inevitable, but still.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah, it.
[] Speaker #B: Got like. You got like 20 minutes, man, because was. I was a little late this morning. So you keep fucking about do it. You're free to roam about the cabin.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Right.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Good. You can do anything.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: So the strings that maintain the attachment are the house herb kind of doing this weird, like, impulsive, naive, petulant, entitled thing. That's a lot of strings. The random mafia roll you up in a carpet. Shit. What the fuck? What? Yeah. Now, how could we. I know money is tight, but, like, how can we speed the divorce thing up? The reasoning that I'm throwing that out is you need some kind of reverse. It's not leverage, but just kind of going like, no, like, like, listen, Megan, like, all right, yeah, things are kind of in a grey area legally. Even if in my view as Brett, that it's not grey. It's not grey for me. She's more or less treating me like a convenience husband at this point. Is going.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah, right. Yeah, sure, right, yeah.
[] Speaker #B: It.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: I'm sitting here going like 99%. Okay, let's, let's.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah.
[] Speaker #B: She's just totally in the dark about how her perspective and behaviour is affecting others.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah. Jz.
[] Speaker #B: And I mean, yeah, I am not taking it as some kind of imminent threat, but like, what papering over has she done? So you said that she kind of came back and was like, you know, I didn't mean that. But like, I mean, that's just insane to me that I get saying dumb shit while you're drunk, but like, Don, that's not. That isnt like in the word or phrase bank of many people when theyre drunk?
[] Speaker #A: Yeah. Right. Good. Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: But that doesn't.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: But that does not an excuse. Okay. When you think of us two bros hang out again, how do you want me to kind of support you? Obviously you do. Just. You're going to benefit from just being able to like, fucking. You won't believe what she said today. That kind of stuff.
[] Speaker #A: Because this is.
[] Speaker #B: This is up there, dude.
[] Speaker #A: Holy crap.
[] Speaker #B: I mean, I've heard some weird. Some weird shit, so, you know, that'that's. Pretty. This is pretty nuts.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Yeah. We haven't even talked about the kids.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Yeah, yeah. Mean, definitely all that. One of the olive branch that I can extend to you is that with all this boundary stuff in mind, it's not that we're needing her to sign on to anything additional. But it would be something more organised coming from you having to do with hey, this is how we're going to co parent. Meaning like drawing a line in the sand. Having to do with this kind of constant. Right like hen pecking kind of shit is we got touff is once the divorce stuff is final and you got the paper in hand is y. We got to follow it up with some kind of. And this is what you can expect of me if you send me. Unless the kids are fucking. They got a broken bone or something. You can email me or text me, but it can be after this time or like, yeah, getting it to where you shut this off. I know that she will likely not agree or participate in a appropriate way, but it's the principle of the thing at this point is this. This is not cool. It's abusive, period. No.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: I'm so sorry. I mean this sucks. When do you want to try to meet again? Okay.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: Because need. If I need to adjust my rate. This is. This is nuts, dude. I mean you could, you could have. I guess there's no need to have to, right? Like you're doing, you're doing the shit. You're doing what you got to do, right? You've put your head down and like motored through this and you and the kids and Megan will be better for it, but this is still, you know, just not. This is not cool to the degree to which you hear it. And it's not me, just us both just navel gazing. I'LIKE A, I've been there and B, you're handling it better than I did. Now granted I was. How old are you now? Yeah, I was 26. But you don't know what you don't know. But like, dude, you're a good man and I'm sorry that this is happening, but my goal for you is that as shitty as it is and as shitty as Megan has made it, that as some of the dust settles that you're kind of able to say like, yeah, I did this better than right.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah. Yeah.
[] Speaker #B: For what? Just random kid related What Just whatever impulsive thing of the time have to deal with that's going to be part of what we can do. Thinking more like categorically structurally is yeah, shut that. Okay. Her being a disorganised mess doesn't mean that that's got to translate to you. And so yeah, we're going to shut that mess down. And that is stuff that I've demonstrated and done with Other clients and so on. I know that there's a limit to how much she'll actively participate in it, but, yeah, we got this whole convenience. This whole convenience husband thing is gon toa have to stop. You're like, I endorse that idea. Okay, if we looked into next week, I could do. I could do Friday at 4, or we'd have to look into the next week. I could do Monday at 10 or 2 on the 5th, and then 8 or 9 on the 9th. Okay. The 2nd. May 2nd.
[] Speaker #A: Fuck that.
[] Speaker #B: I'll put you in as a placeholder. And if you figure out that. Not if. That's a no go, just let me know.
[] Speaker #A: Okay.
[] Speaker #B: Okay. Awesome. All right, I got you down. And obviously, dude, feel free to text me and vent and whatever. Like, I don't want. I know that you were hesitant to do that even in the past, but, like, that's my ethic with all this is like, yeah, don't you know. You know that. You know how I'm gonna handle it and deal with it. We've worked together enough where I'm not going to hop in the Seab Bolt copter and go rescue you unless you are rolled up in a carpet.
[] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
[] Speaker #B: The studio audience is all sitting on the edge of their seat here. Oh, my God. It's like a fucking Dr. Phil episode. Go. All right, man. Take care of yourself to the best of your ability, like you already do. Then we'll see you next Friday.
[] Speaker #A: I do.
[] Speaker #B: See ya.