{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green16\blue16;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c7451;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 [0:05:52] Speaker #A: Do my weekly ritual of taken my medicine while you guys are in here, you know?\
[0:05:57] Speaker #B: Yeah.\
[0:05:58] Speaker #A: Gott Keep it fancy. Super professional at all times.\
[0:06:05] Speaker #B: Well, these routines.\
[0:06:06] Speaker #C: Routines. I was gonna say routines are helpful. Yeah.\
[0:06:12] Speaker #A: How are y'all.\
[0:06:18] Speaker #C: Oay getting through it?\
[0:06:20] Speaker #A: Yeah, that was the post spring break.\
[0:06:26] Speaker #C: Work wise has been pretty intense, but, yeah, it'll be intense for a few more weeks.\
[0:06:36] Speaker #A: What do you guys want to do today?\
[0:06:40] Speaker #B: Well, do you have thoughts? Thoughts.\
[0:06:43] Speaker #C: Go ahead. I have some thoughts. Thought.\
[0:06:46] Speaker #B: Well, you had said to think about what we want. And there's some things that do crop up, you know, like common patterns in disagreements that we have. And so I have a couple of those that I can see.\
[0:07:07] Speaker #A: Okay.\
[0:07:09] Speaker #B: And one of them is that, you know, and here I am, I'm like, he does this thing, but I understand. Like, it's problem for both of usve. It's two way think. But one of them is oftentimes I get very confused because he'll say something and his words don't match his tone and body language. And to me, it comes across sounding like I tend to believe the tone and the body language, not the words, you know?\
[0:07:43] Speaker #A: Ye.\
[0:07:46] Speaker #B: I have to come up with an. This happens all the time. And coming up with ex'gonna be hard, but y. Yeah. Ll It'll be something like.\
[0:07:56] Speaker #A: Do you.\
[0:07:56] Speaker #B: Want to do x thing? Well, that would be great.\
[0:08:04] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:08:04] Speaker #B: That's just like an example I made up on the spot.\
[0:08:07] Speaker #A: Sure. I understand. Y. Yeah.\
[0:08:09] Speaker #B: Yeah. So that would be one thing. And then the other thing that I tend to do a lot of, and this might be mostly on me, but I watch his emotions and I really do a lot of managing of his emotional state and problem solving around what he's feeling stressed. Like, I spen an inordinate amount of time doing that. It's like ridiculous and it takes away from my life. And I'm sure that he doesn't need it.\
[0:08:38] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:08:38] Speaker #B: You know.\
[0:08:39] Speaker #A: Yep.\
[0:08:39] Speaker #B: But I wonder if some of that isn't tied around. I'm not always sure that he's realising he's stressed or upset. And sometimes it impacts like how evening still your whatevereah. So those would be two things. So what thoughts did you have?\
[0:08:59] Speaker #C: So one of the. Again, I thought I tried to think about the same.\
[0:09:03] Speaker #A: Look at you guys, model students.\
[0:09:07] Speaker #C: And like, Jill, I'll say, is gonna sound like she does this, but I understand it's. It's a situation that we're in that both of us play part of. I would like to feel like she. Trust me, I don't know, always feel like she trusts me and it's oftentimes it's around my interactions with other people. So I will have. I have work colleagues that I do things with. Some of them are women and I, you know, it becomes an issue and then it bleeds over into our discussions but it also bleeds over into how I interact with my colleagues because I'm.\
[0:10:06] Speaker #A: Not.\
[0:10:09] Speaker #C: I'm wanting to minimise the tension. So.\
[0:10:15] Speaker #A: Yep.\
[0:10:18] Speaker #C: And that was the big one. It also manifests itself in other, you know, ways where like I will say things and maybe this kind of plays into what she was saying about that my actions and body language are different than what I'm saying. But I will say no, this is what I'm. This is how it is from my perspective. And she will say, well no, that's not how it is. But it's me. I'm the one that's inside of me understanding what I'm saying.\
[0:11:03] Speaker #A: Ye.\
[0:11:06] Speaker #C: So those are.\
[0:11:08] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah.\
[0:11:09] Speaker #C: The things.\
[0:11:09] Speaker #A: Yeah. Like there's an interrelationship there between some of the wants that you guys are describing. Right. Like it is like an equilibrium, a pattern of a set of things. What was it like even doing that just now in terms of kind of describing these kind of like targets or once or whatever.\
[0:11:34] Speaker #C: So you've asked us that question.\
[0:11:37] Speaker #A: U. Huh. Many a time, at least the last.\
[0:11:41] Speaker #C: Two or three sessions and it's been difficult to say. So it took all week or all two weeks of okay, how am I gonna, you know.\
[0:11:55] Speaker #A: M. Yep.\
[0:11:57] Speaker #C: And I still couldn't go first.\
[0:12:00] Speaker #A: Sure. I mean, it's not like I'm sitting here going like we will all sit in silence until Rick finally goes first. Because that would really improve results. Not at all.\
[0:12:13] Speaker #C: No. But that's a reflection of my anxiety. Sure. Yeah. Let her take shots at me first.\
[0:12:22] Speaker #A: Right.\
[0:12:23] Speaker #C: I'll feel more comfortable.\
[0:12:24] Speaker #A: Right. But I mean, both of you does it. What was it like? Because both of you gave really a very clear kind of caveat to what you were about to say. Both of you were very like intentional that way. Does, does that. Do you feel like that's. That registers for each of you as individuals or was it more like. Oh yeah, I know they're go goingna like put window addressessing on whatever they say afterwards. Like, you know, no offence, but you're an asshole. Right. Like that, that kind of thing. Or is it. Or did it feel like kind of.\
[0:13:00] Speaker #C: No, for. For me it's more, you know, by and large, things have been good. We talked about this last time Right. By and large, things have been good. M. I don't want to pick at sure things that are still not good.\
[0:13:18] Speaker #A: Ye.\
[0:13:19] Speaker #C: And make things worse.\
[0:13:21] Speaker #A: Ye.\
[0:13:22] Speaker #C: And that's been some of the anxiety.\
[0:13:24] Speaker #A: Over the last few sessions. Yeah. It's like, this is awkward. We're all right. How do we. What do next steps look like when you think of that from the standpoint of what. Hey, what do you guys want is how do you want me to respond? And I know that this is now we're lurching into this period that, you know, I stated, like, some of this is the point where I kind of, like, I try to make it much more y'all's choice, like, y'all being much more kind of directive towards me, and then I engage with it. So you guys were able to voice that. And I know that there's maybe an expectation that then I would push into that, but not necessarily.\
[0:14:14] Speaker #B: I am not sure what you mean.\
[0:14:16] Speaker #A: Okay, so, like, so the homework I gave you was like, hey, let's work on this idea of, hey, okay, there gonna be some things that you want, as opposed to just trying to get your head above water, which that's unnecessarily diminishing. What you've already done up to this point is. Okay. You guys were able to share some of this. How are there ways that you want me to engage with it?\
[0:14:39] Speaker #B: Are you talking about, like, how involved.\
[0:14:40] Speaker #A: You want us, how involved you want me to be, or versus you guys kind of conversing more about it?\
[0:14:50] Speaker #B: Well, I don't know. I mean, in some of these sticky situations, it might be helpful to say, okay, here was the situation or here is a actual situation.\
[0:15:00] Speaker #A: Yep.\
[0:15:01] Speaker #B: And, you know, like, as an objective observer.\
[0:15:07] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:15:07] Speaker #B: What are your perspectives kind of thing that might be helpful.\
[0:15:10] Speaker #A: Yeah. What about for you, Rick?\
[0:15:14] Speaker #C: So it occurs to me that sort of in the things that we identified, I don't think even any of the things that we said were new to the other person.\
[0:15:28] Speaker #A: Right.\
[0:15:31] Speaker #C: And yet those are all things that we've had pretty heated arguments over.\
[0:15:39] Speaker #B: They come up a lot. Those things come up lot.\
[0:15:43] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:15:43] Speaker #C: And yet we just named them out without bristling and arguing at each other.\
[0:15:54] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:15:57] Speaker #C: So I'd say there. There are two things that are different. We're not in our. Our home space, and you're not in our home space.\
[0:16:06] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:16:07] Speaker #C: So. But I don't know how. So that doesn't really answer your question. How do I want you to engage.\
[0:16:12] Speaker #A: But no, I mean, it does from the standpoint of part of what I'm wanting you guys to do is normalise what this is like. Both of you are able to say, hey, some of my wants here are around things that have been problems and to be able to state those and not have that same entering a new dimension of pain or whatever is. Yeah, some of it is because you may be familiar with it. It's not a new thing coming up, but it's past problems, but with new approaches.\
[0:16:49] Speaker #B: Yeah, I mean, I think that, yeah, it's, you know, he's not in our space and we're not in our space. Also the situations aren't, you know, like we're just kind of generalising what's happening. These very specific situations that piss us offah.\
[0:17:05] Speaker #C: We're not coming right off of one of those situations, right?\
[0:17:08] Speaker #B: Yeah, that's what I say.\
[0:17:10] Speaker #A: And you guys have done enough work to where you know that there's kind of the law of diminishing returns around some of those past scenarios. Right. Where you know that the perspectives are going to be different, the memories of what did or didn't happen are going to be different. And so that's why I tell people to focus on what you want. Because then you can kind of set these ambitions or desires even around how you manage it differently or how you want to manage it differently. You guys both just did it now, obviously in a kind of like in an outline, bullet point form. But I would want you to feel like you can repeat that same thing when it comes to something like that coming up.\
[0:17:53] Speaker #B: Oh, we do though. I mean, I think that these things, we have talked about these things. So theoretically it's great.\
[0:18:01] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah. It would be this idea though, where obviously we would love to all stay in our, like our intellectual best when it comes to this stuff, but it's more this idea of what it looks like, especially with the pattern that you guys followed. Right. It's back to that self admission, empathy, ambition. Both of you did that in terms of y'all's initial exchanges here. Because that's the idea as a repetition of that with the wants. But the idea of bringing or engaging on the wants is what's important. Important is it's not like you guys are resting on your laurels. That's not what I mean. But it's more this idea of like, hey, let's not leave certain things. It doesn't mean that we're going to solve everything. The majority of what we face in relationships are perpetual. It's how we relate to the perpetual differences that matter. That's why we did all of this neurodivergence work and so on. I was like, well, sorry, we ain't changing. We ain't changing that bit of our neurology here. What when we met last time, and we'll get back to what you want. Where does the talking to the family system about neurodivergence fit in the wants?\
[0:19:22] Speaker #C: So actually we walked out of here on Wednesday, two weeks ago, and it was that night or the next day.\
[0:19:34] Speaker #B: It was that night.\
[0:19:36] Speaker #C: I reached out to our daughters and said not to freak you out, you know, not coming out of the closet.\
[0:19:43] Speaker #A: Weird.\
[0:19:45] Speaker #C: But I would like to have both of you join a family conversation. And we scheduled that for the following Sunday. So not this last Sunday, but this Sunday before. And that was really hard. It was really hard for me doing it, but it went really well. I thought they both were very understanding and very supportive.\
[0:20:22] Speaker #A: Weird.\
[0:20:27] Speaker #C: Crazy, right? Who knew? But I also don't think that it. I think from their perspective is like, okay. And we got to a point after, you know, a while, they were like, okay, this is all good. Can we move on to you talking about other stuff? Yeah, yeah. And so I don't think it. It's not as big a deal to them as it is to me or even Jill.\
[0:20:58] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:20:59] Speaker #C: But they don't interact with me on a daily basis. And Don. They also don't have expectations of me in the same way that Chill does. In other words, you know, yeah, I come home from work every day and Jill expects.\
[0:21:16] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:21:17] Speaker #C: Meet, engage with her and.\
[0:21:18] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:21:19] Speaker #C: All that. And they don't.\
[0:21:23] Speaker #A: So, yeah. The majority of what they would do would be. Would be, like, reflective, like thinking of you as their parent and being, you know, being raised by you and so on. Probably.\
[0:21:33] Speaker #C: Yeah. And, you know, like, my. I thought my older daughter was very astute. She said, well, what. What will this mean for the trip that we have planned in May? We're going to Portugal, meeting her in Portugal. And so I thought that was a really like, are there things that we ought to think about that would help us manage those. You travel situations can sometimes be stressful and is there something that would be helpful to think about? So I thought that was a really. And allowed Jill and I both to reflect for a minute and think about things likele. Well, I don't always recognise that I'm getting angngry and so being intentional about meals or I don't always recognise that I'm getting physically tired and just start getting grumpy and so to troubleshoot. So I thought it was it was really goode. The only thing that I've been disappointed with is this last weekend we had a conversation with. We were on with our younger daughter and there was a situation where I was trying to make a point about this is how I am. And she was just. She, like, totally didn't. Didn't connect it. You know, I'm like, okay, this. This is a perfect example for me to illustrate that I'm learning something about the way I am that influences the way we are communicating in this moment.\
[0:23:20] Speaker #A: Right.\
[0:23:20] Speaker #C: And she just.\
[0:23:22] Speaker #B: I don't remember that. What was the.\
[0:23:24] Speaker #C: Now I can't even remember the detail of it.\
[0:23:27] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah.\
[0:23:27] Speaker #C: What I'm struck by was, well, that was just a week and now it apparently does not register with you. And it wasn't a big central thing. It was really more of a. It was. It was almost like me saying, well.\
[0:23:45] Speaker #A: You know, I don't.\
[0:23:46] Speaker #C: I don't. I don't recognise those things in myself very easily. So it's not surprising that.\
[0:23:53] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:23:54] Speaker #C: And she just didn't pick up on.\
[0:23:56] Speaker #A: Right, right. Yeah. Anyway.\
[0:24:01] Speaker #C: But I thought it went really well. Have no intention of speaking about this to my siblings anytime soon and would probably take a very different approach with my. With my siblings.\
[0:24:20] Speaker #A: Even brother versus sisters.\
[0:24:21] Speaker #C: Well, even brother.\
[0:24:22] Speaker #A: Vers.\
[0:24:22] Speaker #C: I mean, I was thinking more about that and I. I'm almost 100% convinced that I will not get them both together on a zoom call or get them both together on a family visit and say this stuff. That I will have a conversation with my brother and at some other time.\
[0:24:41] Speaker #A: I will have a conversation with my.\
[0:24:43] Speaker #C: Sister and probably in that order. Just because I.\
[0:24:48] Speaker #A: Well, I mean, this is where. This is where it's no different than some of the more popularised, you know, coming out having to do with sexuality or gender or whatever. It's not different, really. It's really not.\
[0:25:03] Speaker #B: That's what Anna said, too. Our younger daughter identifies a square. She came out to us as SP and stuff like this and she did. She said, now you know how I feel.\
[0:25:14] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:25:16] Speaker #C: In fact, at the very end of the conversation was. That was cute. Because when she came out to us, she baked a cake and decorated in a.\
[0:25:29] Speaker #B: It was with the colours.\
[0:25:32] Speaker #A: That's so funny.\
[0:25:34] Speaker #C: And she says, well, maybe you don't need to go bake yourself a cake, but you could treat yourself to a nice dinner or something.\
[0:25:43] Speaker #A: So you raise girls with a good sense of humour, too. Yeah. What was it like from your standpoint, Joill? Obviously, I know it's like Rick's story and recognition of his internal world. But it's obviously it struck us at the time when we talked about it two Wednesdays ago as being both a significant and very important thing to do. How did you experience the whole thing?\
[0:26:09] Speaker #B: It was just easy. I mean, know like I didn't really play all that much of a role really.\
[0:26:16] Speaker #C: I disagree. I disagree because one, I felt very insecure in doing it and there were things that I wanted to say, but I had trouble like. So talking through it first helped.\
[0:26:34] Speaker #B: Did we do that?\
[0:26:35] Speaker #C: And then having you there to help me make sure that covering your base and made all the points that I wanted to make. And then finally you found that that article.\
[0:26:50] Speaker #B: Yeah, I went on to psych central and looked up how does Alexopia influence your relationships? And this beautiful article popped up and it was well sourced and everything and it talked about intersection also. And so because the thing is that it's kind of hard to. You can know all these things and we can talk to you about them, but it's kind of hard to like come up with concreteamples. And there was a bunch of stuff in there and he was like, oh yeah, that's right. Oh yeah, that's right. So there was a lot of thatah.\
[0:27:21] Speaker #C: And so then I was able to share that article also with them after the fact.\
[0:27:26] Speaker #B: But you know, I was just proud. I was just proud of everybody. Also our younger daughter, she. I hadn't even thought about this, but she's neurodiverent in the way that she was diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder and she'd gone through a muchnch therapy with that. She's like. And so she was relating the experience. Yeah, so yeah, they weren very empathetic.\
[0:27:50] Speaker #A: And yeah, yeah, yeah. That's an example of you guys really quickly, I might add, focusing on what you want. Right. And their're there being kind of almost immediate both dividends and then gratitude to express about doing it.\
[0:28:11] Speaker #B: They both said that they were glad to know. And we joke about this, you know, like when we go on trips or something. They'll say dad can be so curmudgeonly. I think that that might be a little of theivern coming through, you know. And so now there's kind of some more detail to put beyond that.\
[0:28:33] Speaker #A: Sure, yeah. I mean, I think if I'm like trying to shoehornness back into the stuff that you guys brought up. Right. I'm not saying'that all of it goes back to, you know, alexithymia or interocception and so on. But it is kind of like more of the same where I would war you guys even though you. Your girls aren't in the room for you guys to express pride or gratitude to each other when you do step out there, it is a little bit low hanging fruit. I know that all four of you love one another unconditionally, but it is low hanging fruit when you've got astute, smart girls that you've raised really well. And it's different right when. When you've been married to your partner and been through the highs and lows and ups and downs and so on is we do. There's an element of sheltering or shielding our kids that we do with some of that is I would want you guys to feel like with these focusing on what you want, that there's room for you to kind of go than thank you for bringing that up. Thank you for engaging me and talking about that. I think that that as like, maybe foreign as that might be, especially with like the boost in anxiety that you describe, I think that would be kind of a good intentional add on to what you guys do when you do have conversations where it is more about problems or patterns or whatever is how to kind of stay in a. Stay above the water surface enough to where you can kind of go like, hey, thanks, I got stuff we've talked about. But hey, I got to think about it, but thank you. Right. Like on your end or kind of how you were tattling on yourself where. Yeah, some of it as I know that there's maybe some vigilance or some fawning that I'm doing is kind of going like, hey, if what you do is kind of say, yeah, it may be that my. What I'm saying in my tone don't match up. But thank you for bringing that up. I really am okay. Or this is what I really, really do think is layering some of that kind of gratitude or if I make it more like psychological, it's positive reinforcement to it. I would want you guys to start having the feeling of I'm glad. When what we do is we kind of address things before they subterranean and feeding on resentment and so on. It makes sense. It's not like just putting. Just like putting a bow on a box of something nasty. It's more this idea of like, hey, yeah. I don't often hear those stories about people going like, yeah, turns out dad's brain'different and the kids being, you know, it's really amazing. It really is. Very much so. The minority in my experience, usually one generation or the other. Okay, well, that's not a thing or. Yeah, well, there's a new penal colony to east of Africa we'll send you to. You know, like, stuff like that. So it's pretty awesome that that's part of what y'all's experience was.\
[0:31:58] Speaker #C: See. Probably be different if we're talking to my sister.\
[0:32:04] Speaker #A: Yeah, well. Well, the truth of the matter is, is that, you know, there's nobody mandating that you have to, but you certainly get to.\
[0:32:17] Speaker #C: Yeah.\
[0:32:19] Speaker #A: And that'll be something where. Just like. Just like what you guys collaborated on. When was it Christmas or, you know, whenever she visited last. Right. Same Right where you guys. You guys doing it together is. That's what you said. It's like, hey, it mattered so much that Jill was there.\
[0:32:38] Speaker #C: Yeah.\
[0:32:41] Speaker #B: That'A tough one. But if you watch.\
[0:32:47] Speaker #C: Yeah. I don't know.\
[0:32:50] Speaker #A: Part of what we can do maybe with the remainder of the session is as I can it kind of. We can engage a little bit on those. Those like wants where part of what we want to do is kind of practise this what do we want to do with it next time approach is that's the habit that we've tried to cultivate with other things but can similarly do. So here is. If I'm like looking at. I broke them down in this way. Words, not words, not matching, possibly not matching tone and body language. You find yourself surveying his emotions and trying to manage them.\
[0:33:34] Speaker #B: Is that what you refer to as fawning? Is that.\
[0:33:36] Speaker #A: Yeah, that it's. And again, keep in mind, fawning is not f. Fawning is not out and out negative. Sometimes fawning is like empathy, compassion, care. Like right. There was a. There was a positive, not on too long version of fawning. Co participating with him and talking to your daughters. And so all of those things. And I know that would have been our first session. All of the fl, fight, freeze and fawn are all negative when they're on or off too long is how that ends up playing out. And then strikingly so having to do with even the conversations around travelling right times in which you. Part of what your experience is is not being aware when some of this interocceptive awareness stuff is like not sending you the signals that you need eat, rest, et cetera. And then and'what's funny is I think I did a decent job of poker face when you guys were doing this. But you talking about not feeling trusted when it's having to do with interactions with others or Your opinion or viewpoint when there's maybe what's perceived as a difference between what's being said and tone and so on. And then I added kind of how to double down when this is how I am or who I am isn't heard or isn't kind of engaged with or there isn't a follow up kind of like o okay, so how would that work? Kind of deal. And it's not like with your younger daughter. You she's how old? 20, 25. So yeah, I mean I'm 42, so I'm not trying to be ageist here but like. Right. It's just. There's just an experience difference.\
[0:35:23] Speaker #C: Well, I wasn't at all offended. I just thought it was striking. It was a weekr earlier. Ye. It was such. It made me feel like it's such a non issue this, you know, reveal that it doesn't even enter into the realm of understanding a week later.\
[0:35:44] Speaker #B: Sure, yeah, they did. There was no shock, you know, they were not.\
[0:35:51] Speaker #C: Dad, we've always known you're messed up so. Well, not.\
[0:35:54] Speaker #B: Not that at all. But they were just, you know, I don't know. There was. It was not underwhelming but definitely. I don't know. I don't know what to say.\
[0:36:06] Speaker #C: Wasn't. It didn't warrant all the anxiety that I had put into mentally preparing to have that.\
[0:36:15] Speaker #A: It didn't warrant it. Your anxiety makes sense based on. Right. Like it's one thing for the three of us in here and me to like, like keep doubling down and going like no, Rick, like this is a thing. No, you're not. What's your word?\
[0:36:30] Speaker #C: Deviant. Yeah.\
[0:36:32] Speaker #B: Nege.\
[0:36:33] Speaker #A: Neurodegenerative. Neurod. Deviant is a good one too. There's Right. Yeah.\
[0:36:39] Speaker #C: Point.\
[0:36:40] Speaker #A: Yeah. I'm gonna put you guys in a workshop with some other clients and just see what you come up with and I'll just sit at home laughing at the end report that I get is part of what we want to do with this is. Is orient around kind of what the ambitions or the wants are where it is. It's past problems but with new approaches. And so the intermingling of what you guys were talking about in terms of these wants does point to this kind of like call and response narrative and how you guys can be more. When I say forthright, it doesn't mean that I'm saying like you guys are being dishonest with each other. Right. It's not that. It's more this idea of kind of some of what we did early on, like the number system, remember that? Or things like that is an example might be when you're feeling some of this fawn response. Maybe that's coming from something like a words and tone mismatch that you're picking up on. I want you to feel like you can just like voice it. Because I think there's room now for you to not interpret that as some kind of like, rick, why aren't you doing this? Right. And more of an opportunity to kind of like, to introspect, to kind of go, huh? Because there are these mismatches that are common. If I was just making it about things on the genetic or the neurological side. Sometimes a matter of fact delivery about someone's opinion on something where the other person, if they were giving a matter of fact delivery on the same topic, would find themselves. They would be like, oh, yeah, of course I would be more animated. But that's not the rule. And it's not like you're making mistake or he is. It's more this idea of what does it look like to voice that more clearly so you don't leave the fawn on too long or giving the observations. Hey, do you think that you are. Whatever. Because I do think, do you got enough fuel or do you need to take a catnap? Or whatever is part of it is there would be room or hopefully more room now for you to not respond to that and go lay off woman. Or I don't know what that exchange looked like at its worst, but for it to be something where it's like accommodating in that way, react to that in terms of me, like kind of hopping in and saying like, hey, what if you all tried it this way? Like if she like.\
[0:39:21] Speaker #B: Well'for me, it is confusing. Most of the time the situation occurs when I say something or make a suggestion, you know, make some sort of.\
[0:39:32] Speaker #A: A.\
[0:39:35] Speaker #B: Statement or something. And his response leads me to believe that he wants something very different. And so it doesn't feel honest.\
[0:39:47] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:39:48] Speaker #B: And so I'm not sure, you know, it isn't necessarily an interception or Alexosyia thing. It might be he actually just really wants something different. And I would appreciate knowing that.\
[0:40:01] Speaker #A: Sure. Yeah.\
[0:40:02] Speaker #B: And I'm fine with that. And I have actually started to voice that. Say I'm confused because your tone in your words are not matching here.\
[0:40:11] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:40:13] Speaker #B: So.\
[0:40:15] Speaker #A: Is it kind of like a. At times both things could be true. At times one thing's true, at times the other thing's true.\
[0:40:24] Speaker #C: What do you mean?\
[0:40:25] Speaker #A: Well, so like if we. What we did is we threw on top of it not the genetics, but also. Also our response to neurodivergents, which can often be masking or fawning of a different way. Like going with the programme and so on. Like, sure, whatever. Like avoiding conflict, et cetera, et cetera. Is usually the response to that type of thing is like, yes, meaning like, yes as an abcd. And E kind of thing is. When you think of that, is it kind of like that? Or at times it's imperceptible.\
[0:41:05] Speaker #C: Sometimes I think. Sometimes it feels to me like she's ascribing to me and a desire that I want something different like she just said. But I'm unwilling to articulate it when in fact I really said it was fine. I don't have anything else that I would rather have.\
[0:41:31] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:41:32] Speaker #C: I'm just, you know, and I'm. And I'm also not in. In a space where I'm enthusiastic about anything.\
[0:41:43] Speaker #A: So, you know. Yeah. Yeah. It's like the Eeyor, thanks for noticing kind of dynamic.\
[0:41:50] Speaker #C: Yeah. Or it's like sometimes. Sometimes I've been in the flow on something else and like my mind is still trying to clot its way back away from that and I'm not getting enthusiastic about anything. But I don't have. It's not like I'm trying to avoid a conflict by not saying what I really want. I'm just.\
[0:42:19] Speaker #A: Okay.\
[0:42:20] Speaker #C: There's not an emotional state for me to. To grab into.\
[0:42:24] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:42:25] Speaker #B: Which I get that. And I think a lot of times it is that situation. But also I think there are times where you do want something different and you're just not articulating it. And I mean, this would. This would make sense because your family has come down on you. You know, like, I don't think you were given a lot of freedom to.\
[0:42:43] Speaker #C: Right. So that. That there is another scenario that plays out and that is sometimes you indicate something. My first thought would be, well, no, I'd rather have something different. But then I'm like, does it really matter know is it is choosing something that's completely differente more important enough to me to make it a issue or to change what you want. And then in that as well, I think there is a piece of that that is when I articulated what I wanted in my family was really opening me up, not. You know, and so that. That also clouds my perception of is this really something that I want bad.\
[0:43:49] Speaker #A: Enough to create an issue over, like. Like a cost. It's like a cost Benefit. Right. Analysis of sorts. Sure. Right.\
[0:43:59] Speaker #C: And a lot of the time when I, when she says something, I'm thinking something else and I do that cost benefit analysis a lot of the time the conclusion I come to is yeah, I don't want that enough to either create a discussion about it or to even deny her getting what she wants because I favour something else.\
[0:44:24] Speaker #A: Right.\
[0:44:24] Speaker #C: This is not worth iteah.\
[0:44:27] Speaker #B: But it's on the same hand though. I mean when that situation is there and you say sure, and I feel like, well, if you're participating, you're not really participate painting it's begrudging and then I'm not enjoying it. I would just rather actually know what you want.\
[0:44:46] Speaker #A: And that's right, that's where, where I would hop in with this and go hey, yeah. So part of what we're doing here, it's not just simply an accommodation, it's ext. It's actually something that I propose to folks regardless of whether alexithymia is at play or interocepive differences or whatever is I go hey, the goal here isn't necessarily abject honesty or dishonesty and I'm not going to digress too much in the whole lying and not lying thing. We know categorically that it's more dangerous for humans that are unable to be dishonest than for those that are capable of. There's a really strong correlation between quote unquote dishonesty and intelligence. Ironically speaking, it just means that the value judgement that we give to that is we're applying a binary where it isn't, where it's not that doing a cost benefit analysis that colours what the response is that ends up pointing out that you're getting a blended data that do we say whether it's honest or not versus what's honestly happened is one has done a cost benefit analysis and has given what they're truthfully stating what it is that they're okay with doing but not what theyote unquot would really love to do is that ends up illuminating this kind of want or new sweet spot where it's like hey, they're gonna be the majority of these exchanges where that dynamic is at play, the majority of them are low stakes enough where you know, saying yay or nay doesn't lead to World WarII or whatever is this willingness to kind of say I don't know or I'm not sure or give me a minute is it's almost like going like on certain intelligence tests, which I loathe on the main For a whole set of other reasons that again, I won't get into is there's like gateway questions. Meaning, like if you answer one thing a certain way, it kind of ends up being a decision tree in which way it directs you. Makes sense. So what I'd rather you guys have is this kind of like gateway response. More of like the oh, yes, absolutely. Meaning I'm not in a flow state right now and I'm engaged and like, I'm up for it. That could be on the table probably the majority of the time. It's also going to be like I'm in a flow state, non emotional state. And hey, give me a second. That's the gateway exchange that I want you to have where what I hear you saying is I'm okay with the delay if what you feel like you're able to bring to the table is more this less cost benefit and more like candid. This is a low stakes example. My wife and I had this exchange where and it doesn't just sit on gendered gender norms kind of thing, but she'll ask me, hey, do you like these shoes better or these shoes better or this dress better or this dress better? And it just that where it ended up becoming a gender norm is like I misunderstand or misinterpret what the bid or the request is where I thought I was operating in a like and not me faking it. Like, baby, you're beautiful. I don't like, I don't. It doesn't matter what you wear to me. And so that meant I don't care. It doesn't matter to you look great. Right? And that's 100%. Now what she's asking for is she's going, no, I don't hear it as that. I really do want your opinion. I really do want to hear that as then I took that on as kind of I can be more like, as foreign as it feels. I can be more like, ah, nope, the red ones, things like that. Now, obviously that's lower stakes or at least in terms of my wife and I's relationship. I've heard plenty of it being the opposite in this space. But it's kind of like that where what I want you guys to have is like this gateway prompt that is before the whole like categorical yay, nay or no, I'd rather do this or have you thought about this? And so on. In other words, what I don't want you to fib about or do the calculations on is the cost benefit is if you feel that Mechanism firing up S. You just go o I went cost benefit mode. And that's beneficial. That's a parallel to me saying hey, when you know that the fawn is super high, just tattle on yourself. And then that's a gateway prompt of a different sort. It's a pause that you can take and then can be a cue for him to kind of go huh okay. Oay.\
[0:50:03] Speaker #C: So I'm struggling a little bit because in the moment is different than of course.\
[0:50:15] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:50:17] Speaker #C: Once oftentime what happens we in the moment it doesn't go well. It leads to conflict.\
[0:50:24] Speaker #A: Right.\
[0:50:26] Speaker #C: And then there is a me crunching through. Okay, well what what actually happened in my mind M. Yep. And then I gomm oh well I was in the flow and she came and wanted and I couldn't get my head out of but by that point we're already you know. And so you know to spein the analysis in a different way. Sometimes it's not until well after the fact that I go oh well I quickly did a cost benefit analysis on that and it didn't. It didn't matter to me.\
[0:51:07] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:51:08] Speaker #C: Enough to make a big deal of it.\
[0:51:10] Speaker #A: Yeah. If. And so go ahead, go ahead.\
[0:51:13] Speaker #C: I'm having a hard time thinking okay, you know you just challenge me to when I feel that coming on to stop it and sure. But I don't necessarily recognise that it's coming on.\
[0:51:27] Speaker #A: It's more of a automatic post ye.\
[0:51:30] Speaker #C: It'S something that happens automatically. Makes me a great engineer but not great in other ways. But I don't realise I did it until post facto analysis of why it didn't why things went south.\
[0:51:45] Speaker #A: And that would be where sometimes even if you know it at the time say that magically I brought up the idea and then all of a sudden it was implanted and worked immediately. Is that sometimes a delay comes from the fact that were able to state hey I need a delay or sometimes the delay is in fact because we became aware of it later and returned back which is the skill that you guys already have worked to put into place. It's kind of like hey, sometimes it is going to be murky or hard to kind of do. That is the way that you make it to where it's more that your awareness has increased like when it happens is on return is quot unquot honesty later is better than none at all. Where honesty in this case is kind of likeh realising oh I realised that I just like operating system just went online cost benefit bep is that's what I Want you to feel like you can return on and that's working in both directions because she's also got kind of like a default mode that's happening for her on the Fawn and so on is that's what we're talking about. You can see where this takes us from how do we not get fucking pissed off with each other to okay yeah, let's target this. Let's make it to where we're not doing that. You're engaging on things where it's not like oh how terrible is this going to get and getting into the cost benefit side of things and more like hmm, okay. Interesting. Weird you react to this though because I engaging with him. I was kind of like almost kind of papering you over as well. Does it feel fair in terms of how I'm describing it?\
[0:53:35] Speaker #B: No, it does feel fair and I think that would be helpful. I think that the returning to it afterward. I mean, you know, hopefully we could start to recognise these patterns in the moment.\
[0:53:44] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:53:45] Speaker #B: But I think they're returning to it afterward. I feel so validated if that happened. And also I that it would help us get to the. You know to recognise it quicker. It would be practising that.\
[0:53:59] Speaker #A: Yeah. It's the only way really for any kind of quote unquote behavioural or thinking change is this. It's in effect it is kind of like a debrief because the majority of these exchanges are going to be either like nominal or they're not so consequential. Meaning that they're going to be like short term decisions like what do you want for dinner? Things like that. Where that's the death by a 1000 cuts kind of experiences is even if said choice on dinner has already been a cost benefit deferred. Right. And it's the next day I would still say hey yeah, that's the target is then go hey. And it may be that at times it really is this kind ofb. Like there's like an ambivalence around whatever it is. But if what becomes clear is there's like a realisation or whatever that I went default mode and after the fact I realised that what was important to me or what I really wanted was that's the skill. That's how we code behavioural or thinking change in is on the return.\
[0:55:22] Speaker #C: I'm still concerned that sometimes it just doesn't matter.\
[0:55:28] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:55:29] Speaker #C: And I can come back and say well you know, if I was completely on my own I would have chosen something different. But it really didn't matter. Sure and if it doesn't matter, why not default what somebody else wants?\
[0:55:49] Speaker #A: Well, but that's the point. Is this kind of gateway prompt it not mattering to me when, when what we've done, when it has mattered but we've needed to return is at play, it not mattering matters more. With that at play meaning, like, as my wife and I have done this, where it's not like she's not easygoing. I'm probably more easygoing than she is. But there's a flawed binary there. Right. Is like, I don't care as much like I'm comfortable eating A, B and C. Where she's more prone to like a craving or two is because it's stuff that she and I have worked on. When I say, like, you know what? Honestly, it really doesn't matter. It's got more traction because of practising things. Like, you know what I realised after the fact was I was just, I was kind of like just not interested in another, you know, kind of back and forth conversation or whatever. Is that'that's? What makes that more available and heard and like kind of trusted, as it were.\
[0:57:06] Speaker #B: I agree. Because sometimes when it really doesn't matter and you really don't care, but the tone you have is tired or sarcastic or something, then it feels like an assault. I feel it's not just, oh, I really don't care, it's like an active invalidation of my concern. Yeah, it has a bad feeling to me.\
[0:57:40] Speaker #A: Even probably if unintended or misunderstood. Yeah. Yep. And that's what I mean with this, where the amount of return that something like this requires isn't a lot. Where if I was going like, all right, okay, way to go, Tyler. Give them the theoretical basis more the way to probably execute this or practise it is like to do it on purpose. So like, say what happens is she asks you a question this evening or whatever and you still legitimately don't, like, don't care and it doesn't matter. Still return the next day and go, hey, I set my timer for 10 hours after that request and I'm saying, yes, the jury is out. I, in fact, it still does not matter to me is right kind of practising it that way where so much of what we've talked about over time is just like kind of intention now in terms of practising some of this is do it like that is feeling like you can do some of it on purpose. I know that it can feel very trivial to do it this way, but it does I know I'm using the word matter a lot. I feel like I'm getting like a tally mark every time I'm saying it does end up mattering because it's the way that you kind of build these skills above, further above the surface with all this. Okay, you're ricking I'YEAH I mean, the scepticism and the turning on it, that's not going to change for you. And I don't need it to change. I'd rather you engage with it that way. You are kind of doing that, kind of. You're kind of running the algorithm through and so on. That's not going to change. As you said, that's what makes you great at your job. It's just churn on it. It's not about it. You all of a sudden trusting, hey, it's going to work exactly as I want it to. You guys trial this version this way and then we manipulate it adjusted and so on.\
[0:59:59] Speaker #C: Okay.\
[1:00:02] Speaker #A: You guys aren't trusting the past version of yourselves with the pattern. You're trusting that, hey, we're going to work on a new. New pattern or new way of engaging with it. We're going to trust that, yeah, it may be awkward or different.\
[1:00:16] Speaker #C: That's. I don't have problem with it being awkward or different. I have a problem that will do this and it won't be any different.\
[1:00:28] Speaker #A: Yeah, but you guys are here. You guys have kind of committed. You did show up and go, all right, we got our wants. And that's no different than what we did on a lot of the other topics. Is if you. I would feel more weirded out if you were like, hell yeah, let's go. Right. High five, Jill. Right. I'LIKE all right, now. Now I'm feeling like I'm getting fucked with. Right. Is this is more of a like, yeah, the scepticism totally tracks of in terms of all this. I'd rather it be something I know that you care about it because you're grinding on it. Like, that doesn't mean that you're like, I don't. I'm not gonna do it a ro it's like this.\
[1:01:22] Speaker #C: No, it doesn't mean that. It doesn t. Just don't have confidence in it.\
[1:01:28] Speaker #A: Sure y'all haven't done it before?\
[1:01:32] Speaker #C: Yeah.\
[1:01:35] Speaker #A: Was this helpful?\
[1:01:38] Speaker #C: Yeah, we'll see.\
[1:01:42] Speaker #A: I that's like a. It's a classic Rick ism. Right? Ricking it. Rick ism, Right. Because I'm pretty sure that's what you said in the first session. Well, Tyler you didn't fucking piss me off. So we'll see. I'll take. I will take that as a very solid endorsement, but I am glad that you got.}