{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .AppleSystemUIFontMonospaced-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green16\blue16;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c7451;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 [0:00:01] Speaker #A: That's.\
[0:00:01] Speaker #B: I've been thinking about this. Right. You know, but I know that she's got, you know, two legs and an arm out the door. Right. Or that's how I feel.\
[0:00:09] Speaker #A: Right.\
[0:00:10] Speaker #B: How am I supposed to, like, rescue her from, you know.\
[0:00:13] Speaker #A: I know. And that's part of where, you know, if I had.\
[0:00:18] Speaker #B: If I had more of a, you know, I knew what to say. But I'm like. I'm not sure Tyler would want be rescue right now.\
[0:00:31] Speaker #A: Well, there's no. There's no, like, perfect, like, you know, remedy for that whole thing. Right. Like, where there's no. Because it's clear that there's stuff that Ella's got to work on to and mature and so on. Just like what we talked about.\
[0:00:51] Speaker #B: No agen making l ch between.\
[0:00:54] Speaker #A: I know.\
[0:00:55] Speaker #B: Bullshit.\
[0:00:58] Speaker #A: I mean, I'm not. I'm not. I'm not saying anybody's in the exact. Right. Take that if you need to.\
[0:01:12] Speaker #B: Hello, Mark. Yes, ma'am. Yes. Anytime around 3 or 4 in the afternoon, that'd be fine. 242 Chesterfield Road. H Artart. Okay. Sounds good. Thank you. You know about the sewer going in our backyard, dude?\
[0:02:19] Speaker #A: Yeah. She gave me the rundown on that hole. That sucks.\
[0:02:29] Speaker #B: Yeah, in a way. But I mean, by talking to those guys, I mean it's s like overdue or whatever. Like 20 years.\
[0:02:37] Speaker #A: Yeah. The Clay pipe deal.\
[0:02:39] Speaker #B: Well, talking to those guys, it has nine different types of repairs in it.\
[0:02:44] Speaker #A: Okay.\
[0:02:45] Speaker #B: Over the years.\
[0:02:48] Speaker #A: So it's like way overdue.\
[0:02:51] Speaker #B: Yeah, yeah. It's got orangeurg in it. It's got terracotta in it. It's got pvc. It's got pieces of doo iron in it. It has the, you know, the green sewer pipe, it has pieces of that. It has white PVC sections in it.\
[0:03:04] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:03:04] Speaker #B: It's just. Yeah. Terrac cootta. That m sure has just 10,000 roots in it.\
[0:03:09] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:03:09] Speaker #B: So.\
[0:03:11] Speaker #A: Yepah. Better now before you end up having a big, big problem on your hand. I mean, it's still a big.\
[0:03:18] Speaker #B: It's already. It's already broken and gone into the creek many times over the years.\
[0:03:22] Speaker #A: Okay.\
[0:03:25] Speaker #B: There's a fracture right now that's going into the creek. Well, so I get it from that point.\
[0:03:33] Speaker #A: Yeaheah.\
[0:03:37] Speaker #B: You know, I just. I kind of gave agen the authority the other day that, hey, you know, this is your property. You know, you could bitch slap whoever you want.\
[0:03:45] Speaker #A: M. And she go.\
[0:03:46] Speaker #B: I did. I like he the guy with the city not to see the engineer rightiting the project.\
[0:03:52] Speaker #A: Yeah, he told.\
[0:03:53] Speaker #B: He told Us. You. Yeah.\
[0:03:55] Speaker #A: Because they, they definitely. They're lucky they weren't on the wrong. At the wrong place.\
[0:04:01] Speaker #B: Was communicating.\
[0:04:02] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:04:02] Speaker #B: There's no schedule. Yeah. Who goes up goes. Who goes without a schedule?\
[0:04:08] Speaker #A: They do apparently.\
[0:04:09] Speaker #B: Yeah.\
[0:04:10] Speaker #A: Sorry, I gotta. I gotta take my pills.\
[0:04:13] Speaker #B: Yeah. I mean. Yeah, that sucks.\
[0:04:19] Speaker #A: And then.\
[0:04:19] Speaker #B: Okay, so what are we go goingna about Mar? I'm watching Mai. I'm about to become dad here and I'm real, real close to like kicking the door down.\
[0:04:36] Speaker #A: I get it.\
[0:04:39] Speaker #B: She doesn't eat, she doesn't go to school. I'm watching her wate away.\
[0:04:46] Speaker #A: Yeah, it's. It's something where we saw the writing on the wall six, eight months ago or whatever and I was like Angie, we gott. You gotta do something.\
[0:04:57] Speaker #B: Can t just take her off the medicine. She was better off medicine, but she was on medicine.\
[0:05:01] Speaker #A: Yeah. I don't think it's the medicine that's causing it or not causing it from the standpoint of the person kill or let themselves die because of depression and autistic burnout. You've been there.\
[0:05:17] Speaker #B: And they lost my appetite.\
[0:05:19] Speaker #A: I know but it's just. It's different for different folks. I get it. Is. Is part of what.\
[0:05:28] Speaker #B: I don't, I don't. I'm not buying all this right now because there nothing going on.\
[0:05:34] Speaker #A: Right.\
[0:05:34] Speaker #B: She still doesn't eat.\
[0:05:36] Speaker #A: I know. And so that's. But that's taking us all the way back to all of our conversations around interoception. All of that. She's. She's both ignoring and wind up going to the hospital.\
[0:05:48] Speaker #B: They wind up, you know.\
[0:05:49] Speaker #A: But that's future don't go that far.\
[0:05:51] Speaker #B: No, I'm trying to prevent this.\
[0:05:53] Speaker #A: I know you guys are actively doing what you can to prevent what would you do differently for hospital right now. But she's not there. Okay, I get it. I told. I totally understand the fear. I would. I would probably feel similarly if it was my kid.\
[0:06:10] Speaker #B: She's doing damage right now is irreplaceable but she's.\
[0:06:15] Speaker #A: I get it. In terms of maybe not. It's. She's not there. I saw her last week.\
[0:06:20] Speaker #B: Okay.\
[0:06:21] Speaker #A: Now I didn't meet with her or anything like that, but she was in the waiting room and so on watching her move around and you know, I get it, I get it. So it's definitely, it's definitely not a situation where it's just not having appetite. It's not anorexia. It's not her.\
[0:06:38] Speaker #B: It's notorexiax.\
[0:06:40] Speaker #A: It's not restrictive it's none of that. And so that's. That's when you start talking about damage. Okay.\
[0:06:46] Speaker #B: She is Des. She. Is she doing me. Is she doing damage to her organ right now? No. You're not a medical doctor.\
[0:06:54] Speaker #A: I'm not a medical doctor. I'm not. But if you guys weren't taking her to medical doctors, then I'd go, yeah, we got a problem.\
[0:07:03] Speaker #B: Right?\
[0:07:04] Speaker #A: Is right. She's going to the psychiatrist today.\
[0:07:07] Speaker #B: Yeah, it is like.\
[0:07:09] Speaker #A: It was like if you guys if.\
[0:07:11] Speaker #B: Come off that cliff really quickly, because I'm not.\
[0:07:14] Speaker #A: No, I know. I.\
[0:07:15] Speaker #B: But you know, when I go in there and I'm like. I see the clothes on her falling off just. And I can rub. Not rub up against her, but, you know, I'm like. I can see every bone in this kid's body.\
[0:07:28] Speaker #A: Yeah, I know it's not good. But it's also not like irreparable damage type stuff either is. You know, end of. We're nearing the end of middle school, thank God. At least for Mari. Some of this is on this, like kind of burnout, depression. It doesn't matter how you try to cajole her or whatever. She's just miserable. Is were two or three rounds in with this current psychiatrist, meaning that they're trying to dial it in. It wasn't working from the standpoint of the previous physician. And I'm not putting all of our eggs in the medication basket.\
[0:08:18] Speaker #B: You and a psychiatrist able to communicate?\
[0:08:21] Speaker #A: Well, Mari's not my clients. Sam and the psychiatrist could. And I've certainly talked with Angie about, you know, that. Has it happened already in terms of Sam talking to the psychiatrist, psychiatrist talking to Sam? No. I mean, it's not something that's mandatory. I don't know that it's needed here.\
[0:08:41] Speaker #B: Where do I sign?\
[0:08:44] Speaker #A: I mean, we can send a release of information. It's something where. That would be up, you know, up to Sam. I've certainly understand that.\
[0:08:50] Speaker #B: I don't want to be in the way of that happit. Well, Mark, you know, sure. You know, how can you signed it yet or.\
[0:08:56] Speaker #A: No, no. No one or the other of you. If you signed it, it would be.\
[0:08:59] Speaker #B: What I'm saying is why is it my idea if it was already needed?\
[0:09:03] Speaker #A: Well, it's not. I don't. I'm not saying that it's needed.\
[0:09:05] Speaker #B: Okay.\
[0:09:06] Speaker #A: Nor saying I don't want to be in the way.\
[0:09:08] Speaker #B: Right.\
[0:09:08] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:09:08] Speaker #B: Sign does not need to hold this up.\
[0:09:10] Speaker #A: Yeah. And I would tell. I would like. I would. I would tell you it is like even if what happened was, you know, hopefully what. And I'm sure it's self evident with them going into the psychiatrist is that they're, you know, you know, it's not going to be like, oh, this is a surprise or whatever.\
[0:09:32] Speaker #B: Okay. Like I said, I can come off that cliff really quickly.\
[0:09:37] Speaker #A: Yeah, you guys are actively trying stuff, encouraging her or whatever. Is my way in.\
[0:09:44] Speaker #B: Angie's way is not the same. And no, I know of like, I'm kind of. And Mar is too. Mar is kind of like to the point.\
[0:09:55] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:09:55] Speaker #B: And. But that is't work with. But they doing the same thing. The logical part back tomor doesn't work. So I don't know.\
[0:10:07] Speaker #A: Yeah, it's. It really. What's really sucks is right is we'll have that feeling of like if he would just eat. But we're trying to. Percentage point. Percentage point change is both things got to happen. Mari's got to develop some of that self awareness, but also to self accommodate. She's got to figure out that, hey, even if I'm not hungry, what I've got to do is. And you can't force it. I mean, you could, but that also doesn't help.\
[0:10:41] Speaker #B: Okay. So moving on. Did I screw up with Angie? I don't think I did.\
[0:10:46] Speaker #A: It's one of those things where if we like spent our whole time trying to unpack all that in the midst of Angie. I met with her just two hours ago. It'like you. You and I both would sit here and go, well, yeah, right. Like, I get why El is ticked and Angie's admitting at least in here, I don't know what it's like been between the two of y all interfacing that she made a mistake.\
[0:11:11] Speaker #B: No, she told me she made a mistake. She. She blamed me for letting her make the mistake.\
[0:11:14] Speaker #A: I get that. And I like, I know, don't I? I wouldn't.\
[0:11:21] Speaker #B: This. You're bling my mistake on. You're bling your mistake on me.\
[0:11:25] Speaker #A: I don't what I would suggest to you there is just like kind of move on.\
[0:11:29] Speaker #B: I did.\
[0:11:30] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:11:30] Speaker #B: It'just I just listen.\
[0:11:31] Speaker #A: Yeah. It's just like, you know, because it's the same thing is played out with Ella where Ella, like, you know, half of the stuff that Angie's telling me that Ella said I was like, okay, that's just a kid. That's just a kid beingul. Yeah. A kid. And you know, trying to get you to feel a certain way to then get what you want. But like, you know, just s treating.\
[0:11:51] Speaker #B: Her like a friend and not as a parent.\
[0:11:55] Speaker #A: And so what we did is she and I marched through all of that in terms of me just going like, hey, don't. This isn't about you pleasing Ella, but this is about Ella understanding certain ways to engage. Right. Just. Just giving somebody a tongue lashing. Doesn't. That's not really going to be something that works for. That's what I got. I know. I know. But you're responding to it differently than both Ella and Angie are responding to. It is. I think. I think from the standpoint of, you.\
[0:12:29] Speaker #B: Know, I could stop. I could have stopped it.\
[0:12:32] Speaker #A: No, I know you could have, but I can't.\
[0:12:35] Speaker #B: Could stopped. I can't leave. It dawned on me that I could have, like, you know.\
[0:12:40] Speaker #A: Yeah. I mean, if. If, like, say the same scenario, which isn't possible, say the same scenario was all of a sudden goingn play out two weeks from now, I would say, yeah, stop it, but not because.\
[0:12:53] Speaker #B: But I had a conversation with Ag a couple hours, like, that evening or whatever about it and her. And that is questioned a little bit. I didn't really, you know, put my foot down or whatever.\
[0:13:04] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:13:04] Speaker #B: But her. She neverd. She never wavered from her thought process of, you know, Elan need to tell me what she wants to do so I can schedule around her.\
[0:13:14] Speaker #A: I. And that it's. I think it has organically moved from there as. As it would going from the intensity of how it was to where it is now.\
[0:13:25] Speaker #B: Ag has blame all her kids, all her family, on everything in her life. She doesn't have a soccer career. Theer got delayed for thisill. She's missed out on all this. She's missed out all this because this is not true, by the way.\
[0:13:42] Speaker #A: I know.\
[0:13:43] Speaker #B: No. Do you know?\
[0:13:44] Speaker #A: I. I don't know, like, in terms of the black and white and the.\
[0:13:50] Speaker #B: Exacts, but she was a little bit like that. But, like, before she started having kids. Right. She was still kind of depressed and not ready to go out and just, you know, work at 9 to 5 trying to find the shortcut.\
[0:14:02] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:14:03] Speaker #B: Make a lot of money with as little effort as possible.\
[0:14:05] Speaker #A: Oh, yeah, I. I can see that.\
[0:14:08] Speaker #B: So it's been like that, you know, since we've met.\
[0:14:13] Speaker #A: Yep.\
[0:14:14] Speaker #B: So.\
[0:14:15] Speaker #A: And that's what I mean is, you know me in terms of the, you know, the. The complement of work that you and I have done over time, I feel like we've both been afforded the ability to kind of just go, like, all right, what do we got to do right where it be less like you feel unlike. I've got to explain it in a way that will ll have it make sense because we already know that this pattern, this moving target, this kind of blaming other people. It doesn't make sense. Is I'm glad that you guys have raised your kids in such a way where even if it was Carllyle cajoling Ella to not just keep all of it, even though Ella was already kind of taking it out on Angie or you, her sisters at other times is at least Ella feels comfortable to do so is like that's better than her not doing anything or. Because part of what I told Angie is it may be that this is just, you know, a bass backkwards way of grieving, you know, leaving home and going to school.\
[0:15:24] Speaker #B: I can see that.\
[0:15:25] Speaker #A: Yeah. It'like you know, there's, you know, sometimes it's very intimidating.\
[0:15:30] Speaker #B: It's very uh. I'm sure it is causing a lot of anxiety. And uh.\
[0:15:37] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:15:44] Speaker #B: He kind of just needss a run run its course and see this stuff with Marioy to kind of run its course. Also Angie won't let it run his course because she's protecting them from, you know, people at school or the environment or whatever. And.\
[0:16:04] Speaker #A: And that's where. That's where kind of what I'm saying is I want you to feel like you can be more direct, but direct in a way that you can feel like it can be lower energy. Meaning like. And I get it, right. These are your girls. And when I say you'girls, I mean Angie and your three daughters is right. I'm not telling you to mask and to fake it, but I am telling you to try to get a little bit more organised from the standpoint of like we've talked before about want say yeah. About what you say about getting stuff down in a way that works for you, whether it's on the phone or whatever is. I don't want it to be for both. Because Angie's already this kind of emotion gunslinger, right where it's just like. And I don't want that. I don't want you to also be doing that is she was.\
[0:16:57] Speaker #B: We went walkug around Clemson, whatever the day and she was kind of, you know, Ira. But she was. I don't know if that ang you come down. She goes I think you know'm people are not allow tell you to calm down. It'a trigger for her. Yeah, I don't get that. It's kind my mom, you know, I My mom to breathe before she go to skating and she goes off on me.\
[0:17:24] Speaker #A: It's just, it's the double empathy problem thing. It's like people right there. There's the whole thing with Ella and Angie. It's all boiling down to mind reading, assumption, guessing all of that. I was like, don't just take that out of the equation. She's like, well, you what all do I need to change? I was like, well, it's not about changing. It's about communicating it all better. It's like, I don't know. You doing derby isn't wrong. You and Ella not communicating effectively about it is the problem.\
[0:17:55] Speaker #B: Well, Ang, you not communicating with a family about it is a problem because ve I've told Angie and I've told you this and hear that Angie does not Angie practise for Angie at derby is at the worst time of the day is at dinner time. And it said girls, the girls try to do homework and get ready for the next day. Yeah, it's the worst time of day possibly.\
[0:18:15] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:18:16] Speaker #B: Ang doesn't do anything before or after to help the. I'm not say solve it, but she doesn't pat it from the front or rescue it from the back.\
[0:18:30] Speaker #A: I get it. And that's why, that's why I'm saying.\
[0:18:32] Speaker #B: And I've told her this. I was like, yep, you do no preparation and no return go to derby.\
[0:18:41] Speaker #A: It's impulsive. Okay. Right. From the ADHD standpoint, it's impulsive. Right. It's that kind of. I got too much going on. Multiple thoughts at once. Right. I know what that experience is like and that's why I'm going like, hey, Mark, I've told her over and over again, hey, try to get, try to support yourself in some way. Make these accommodations, get stuff out on paper or in a way that's going to help you feel more structured.\
[0:19:10] Speaker #B: And only she writes down is stuff for derby.\
[0:19:13] Speaker #A: Right. Okay. So that makes sense.\
[0:19:15] Speaker #B: Right.\
[0:19:15] Speaker #A: From the standpoint of interest based nervous system. Right. Okay, that's fine. Is. That's where I'm saying, hey, you've got. Hey, you as in Mark, you've got a. There's a crack in the armour here. From the standpoint of, hey, if what you do is whether it's you and I engaging on it or whatever is if what you do though is try to promote. I know you already are promoting more structure than Angie is, but more like pen to paper or a piece of paper or whatever that ends up helping structure it. I need her to, I need her to step up to the plate and meet you there. I can't do it for y'all is what I'm saying now. I can do it with you. And you and I kind of go like, hey, here's what we do on derby nights. Hey, Angie, here's my idea. Can we do this? That's what I'm talking about is entering into it. Well, have Coll.\
[0:20:12] Speaker #B: It lasts one day.\
[0:20:14] Speaker #A: I know, I get that. But when you're doing it and it's not just Mark to Angie and Angie to Mark, and in this kind of collective environment, especially when kiddos are struggling, is. Yeah. You say, what are the things that the parents can do differently? And it's not like a blame thing. It's more this idea of, hey, okay, what do we do about the stuff in the morning where the girls are reticent to go and so on is. I get it. Right. You know, it's the same hour drays. I get it. I know that it's. It sucks. While at the same time I want you to view it less like, hey, what are the problems that are keeping me from doing something? Like trying to get organised in this way? And more like, hey, we got no choice but to. It's. It's prevention and it's maintenance rather than it is like triage or what do we do in the moment? And that's the problem, is that things come down to the line and it does leave Angie or anybody prone to either a making the quote unquote wrong decision or just kind of not having your values straight in terms of how it would be from one minute when you're calm to the next minute when you're not. And I know it can seem like a little bit like elementary and basic, but from the standpoint of like, hey, like writing stuff down and planning in that way, but if we do it with the right motivation, part of it.\
[0:21:58] Speaker #B: Really is really forering to me the concept. Yes.\
[0:22:03] Speaker #A: Sounds like, yeah, how do we get down to the nitty gritty? Yeah. And that's. That's where if you know, like one of the things that Angie was talking about. And again, I. I'm not like looking to demonise Angie or whatever was like, hey, we got to figure out a time to get the two of you guys. She's like, I want to get us all back in here. And I'm like, I'm good with that. Well, at the same time, I don't know that it's as productive as the one on ones would be right now with us in mind.\
[0:22:34] Speaker #B: Ye. Because we Come in here. I mean, we're not faking anything in here.\
[0:22:41] Speaker #A: No. You guys really do do a good job. From the standpoint of speaking candidly, I don't feel like you're, like, unnecessarily walking on eggshells with each other.\
[0:22:50] Speaker #B: I mean, a little bit. I mean, but.\
[0:22:55] Speaker #A: It'S just that, like, it's still.\
[0:22:57] Speaker #B: We do a lot of, like, storytelling in here instead of like, yeah, therapy in here.\
[0:23:03] Speaker #A: Yeah. And that's because, like, you know. Right. There's the whole elephant in the room kind of thing where it's like, angiew, are you in? Are you out? Like, what's right? You know? And yes, it is good that we're in here and talking about the girls and so on, but. But I can't. You know, I try to nudge and nudge and nudge and like, hey, we've got to do this, but it won't.\
[0:23:24] Speaker #B: Yeah.\
[0:23:25] Speaker #A: And that's why I'm going like, hey, Mark, I'm kind of throwing you a wink, wink, nudge, nudge. Like, if you take the impetus here to then step in and like, even if she's like, picking it apart or whatever, say, hey. What I've realised that what I'm wanting to try to do is to structure this, is to put together some kind of, hey, this is Mark's plan. When you're gone for the weekend, who knows where the hell you are? That would be the idea is we would then want her to respond in kind. She's got to get more organised. And it's not organised like, OCD organised. It's just organised like, hey, a fair assessment of the challenges and of the goals that you have and then how are we going to execute it is. It's hard to not get. It really is hard.\
[0:24:26] Speaker #B: She needs to organise what.\
[0:24:28] Speaker #A: So say what we did is we distilled it down and made it about you and I. Right now, with what we've got left in the session, we're kind of coming up with targets for where and how Mark and or the family gets organised or detailed about certain things.\
[0:24:48] Speaker #B: Right.\
[0:24:48] Speaker #A: Angie being out of town for the weekend where she doesn't communicate, but she's also not communicating what her expectations are. What.\
[0:24:59] Speaker #B: But she did communicate. It's not like she's not communicating at all. It'just that she has an idea. Right. Or what we should be doing and then me getting the girls to actually do it. Right.\
[0:25:16] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:25:17] Speaker #B: They're like. Won't leave their rooms.\
[0:25:19] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:25:22] Speaker #B: Is different. I mean.\
[0:25:24] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:25:24] Speaker #B: It doesn't line Up. I mean, what, what, what we're at what, what we're going to do or we're capable of doing what we want to do. And what her idea is is lot of times not in line.\
[0:25:36] Speaker #A: Well, yeah, but that's what I mean is that she'll communicate it, but it's not, it's not reasonable.\
[0:25:43] Speaker #B: Right.\
[0:25:44] Speaker #A: It's not like it's like, yeah, you're thinking that I would do something a certain way when you, you also struggle to have the girls do A, B.\
[0:25:53] Speaker #B: And C. I'm just trying to get me know and that's it. So what else is there?\
[0:25:58] Speaker #A: Yeah, I don't know what else it is that she's asking of you. Right.\
[0:26:02] Speaker #B: Take medicine. But Maie says she took her medicine, but she didn't. And col her.\
[0:26:06] Speaker #A: Yeah, I'm like, you know, that's part of what we structure. So say what it is is that we then turn.\
[0:26:13] Speaker #B: How do you structure that? Mara, did you take your medicine?\
[0:26:15] Speaker #A: Yes, but if the.\
[0:26:16] Speaker #B: You're a liar.\
[0:26:17] Speaker #A: But if the two of you do this, if what you do is there's a sort of. It's not a's. Not like a contract, like prick your finger and press here, but a contract saying like, hey, this is how I, Mark, want to try to do this for us. Right Here is the same thing would be true between Angie and Mark. And then in an organised way with Mari saying like, hey, we get it, but these are the expectations and there'will be pushback. You have a teenager, there will be pushback, but there will be what is present is a. A clear understanding, like going like, hey, this is what's expected of me. And then B is how are we going to do it? Where with Mari it might be okay if. If the demand associated with taking the medication leads to her being dishonest at times. How do we remove the opportunity for the dishonesty? Okay, so it means that the kid'taking the medication in front of the parent or the parent brings the medication to the child and just says, hey, no big deal, and here's your juice of choice with it. Right? Where you just. That ends up being the contract.\
[0:27:27] Speaker #B: Well, I think that's been an issue. I followed Angie's league. I think we took the. We took the hands off of steering wheel a little early with Addy and Mar.\
[0:27:47] Speaker #A: Mm hmm.\
[0:27:48] Speaker #B: If that makes any sense.\
[0:27:49] Speaker #A: Yeah, I think Ella. Ella told her. Told her as such.\
[0:27:53] Speaker #B: Really?\
[0:27:54] Speaker #A: M. And so it's like everything.\
[0:28:00] Speaker #B: So does angel realise that everything her mom did to her or not or didn't do with her that she's doing that to her children right now I.\
[0:28:10] Speaker #A: Don'T know that she does. I think there's an element of it where she recognises it but struggles to admit it which has been the pattern all along is the change has come for her in terms of her perspective or how she's reacting or engaging with things as a result of these blow ups happening and then there's a percentage adjustment where she may not admit to it but she's making adjustments over time.\
[0:28:39] Speaker #B: So she's making adjustments with she and I then because know she has said in here before that that she's not interested in working on the relationship between she and I but then we go home and she wants me to make sure that she doesn't fuck up with her own children.\
[0:28:56] Speaker #A: Exactly and that's why I'm. And that's so she s made.\
[0:29:00] Speaker #B: She's made changes in herself or her opinions or whatever but hasn't communicated with anybody else that she's making those changes.\
[0:29:07] Speaker #A: Or has made those changes and guess what I'm telling Mark to do I'm saying Mark let's we're not even going to do the end around anymore what we're doing I'm handing you the ball I want you to run it straight up the middle because there's nothing to doubt about that there's nothing to say oh it would be weird for me to say this is what I'm going to do and how I'm going to do it. Will you agree to it straight up the middle but it's not from a. I get it okay I'll rephrase it from the standpoint of what I'm talking about here you both overcomplicate it because you fixate on the problems instead of focusing on what is something that can work that's what I'm saying is doing something fancy like an end around or flea flicker or whatever yeah that may work every now and then like Angie sitting around and not working a full time job and so on she was looking for the end around of the flea flicker is if what we do now is go no we've got to get methodical and you have in certain areas Right Much more so in terms of addressing Mai's mental health stuff even though concerned as we are right now is I'm just saying hey more of the same get those three and four yards every time as opposed to the where you find yourself you do find yourself stuck you find yourself in the damned if you do damned if you Don't. And I want the consistency that you demonstrate having to do with your work life or how you've taken better care of yourself over time too. I want it to translate. Angie's moving target and being all over the place isn't helping. But she. There's less of it. And I'm now going like, hey, yeah.\
[0:30:59] Speaker #B: I have a question. I've done lot. I've got a lot of soccer, high school games or whatever, and there's going to be a big check coming. I feel that I'm. I feel I can do whatever I want to with it.\
[0:31:11] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:31:12] Speaker #B: Just gonna stick her hand out.\
[0:31:13] Speaker #A: No, no, I mean, remember, that's one of the. That's one of the things that I've said, hey, we've got to get more. We got to get more organised about now. Now it is more, but it's not, you know, I want you and I know that I'm sounding very like paternalistic right now. I don't mean it that way. It's more of me like just trying to coach you up, going like, hey, dude, you got an opportunity here. Not an opportunity like don't fuck it up. More like, oh, yeah, like Angie's kind of figuring out that she's got to make some adjustments. I didn't bail her out today. I just didn't double down.\
[0:31:49] Speaker #B: Right. You're not answering my question. What reason would I want to keep it all the money and, and what should I mean, I don't know.\
[0:31:57] Speaker #A: Retirement savings, emergency fund.\
[0:32:00] Speaker #B: Yeah, yeah, for sure. She's gonna say, you know, we're. She'snn stick her hand out or whatever. But not for her. Is for things that, you know. But I'm not'm not. I'm already convinced. I'not I'm not justnna.\
[0:32:14] Speaker #A: You know, don't just hand her. No, no, that's part of what I mean is like from the financial standpoint, I would want you to say, hey, but most any financial consultant of any kind is going to say, what's the status of your emergency fund? Is right. If you guys don't have three to six months, then there's not. There's not really a question.\
[0:32:39] Speaker #B: There is no find.\
[0:32:41] Speaker #A: Okay, so that'what if it's not three.\
[0:32:43] Speaker #B: To six months, then yeah, there's not one.\
[0:32:46] Speaker #A: Well, yeah, so say there's zero down one it so.\
[0:32:50] Speaker #B: Okay, I've got an idea. What? I want to do it now. I. I'm just. We'renn have six months of lifting expenses saved up.\
[0:32:57] Speaker #A: Yeah, but that's where you say, hey, what I want to do is. Or can we try to be on the same page about getting here and don't make it about housing it internally. Please get it out on paper. Right. Is. I will leverage what you and I. It is. And don't view it as. It's got to be six months if you.\
[0:33:19] Speaker #B: No, I understand that, but I was trying to concept. Conceptualise.\
[0:33:22] Speaker #A: Yeah. What areense six months looks like.\
[0:33:26] Speaker #B: Six months is.\
[0:33:29] Speaker #A: Yeah. It's a lot's a lot of money. And it doesn't mean. And I'm not a. You know, I'm not trying to give financial advice. It doesn't mean that the entirety of an emergency fund needs to stay super liquid. It can be in an IRA or other stuff, but, like.\
[0:33:43] Speaker #B: Well, mean, my 401k is taking a hit right now, so I don't know what to do with that now.\
[0:33:48] Speaker #A: No, I know. And some of that. Right. Speaking of moving targets. Right. You can only do what you can do. Right. You still. You've got three kids. So be pragmatic. Be like, reasonable with yourselves. But just say, hey, you know, want. I want to save. I want this to be something that we're building on, not just hand mouth. I know, but that's what I mean is when what you do is you. You know, it's almost like I'm gonna make you come in here with a notepad from now on. You probably don't want a notepad. You probably just want to type it or whatever is like something like that. Where? Where. And I'm just as guilty of it. But I've learned over time that the only way that I can really accommodate myself in terms of staying within a tolerable range and not just financially in terms of parenting, in terms of my work life or whatever, because I'll get lost in the midst of it. Not to the same degree that Angie does, but I don't have the trauma history that she does. Is I'd rather her disagree with you and get in your business about something that you've put down on paper than any more of this. Kind of like her sniping at you. And it doesn't work or it hasn't worked. Now, what you guys have been able to do is more of the return and repair stuff, which has made a big difference for the whole family system. But still.\
[0:35:14] Speaker #B: Well, one thing. One thing that has really stuck with me and I fall back on is really a solid foundation for me, is that whenever age is talking, I tell myself I'm just supposed to listen so every time I, like, frustrated with her talking me or I want to say something or whatever, I bring myself back and I'm like, I'm just supposed to listen?\
[0:35:50] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah. And I'm saying listen and where. I'd rather it be something where. Yes, you definitely just let her listen because.\
[0:36:01] Speaker #B: No, let me listen.\
[0:36:02] Speaker #A: Let her talk. Yeah, yeah, let her talk. Because just like with Ella and all that venom that she was spitting, 10% of that was of any merit or accuracy. Right. From the standpoint of, like, what Angie really needed to take from it. Hey, Angie, you got to work on your balance. You got to work on, you know, what's your intentional engagement with your girls?\
[0:36:25] Speaker #B: Told Angie. I mean, I was likeie. It's like birthdays and Christmas. Right. Are really terrible experiences for most people because they have these high expectations for Christmas, New Year's and birthdays. And you're always disappointed because these expectations are these fantasies that you've dreamed up in your head or whatever. Don't really happen.\
[0:36:48] Speaker #A: Yeah. Just like with Ella.\
[0:36:52] Speaker #B: Just like with Ella, you know, Ella'boug down these kids and kidso. She's going a couple of those with her school friends or whatever, you know, and I'm sure she, you know, all of social media, movies or whatever, and seen all these 18th birthdays or whatever. But. Yeah, you know, it happened to follow on Monday, and Monday's probably not a good day, so, you know, I was expecting a something massive party on a Monday that really happened.\
[0:37:21] Speaker #A: Yeah, well. And that's where I said, hey, this is both. Both things are true here, Ella, you know, you guys. You two are more similar than any of the other pairings. We did the int. Interocepive awareness thing. That's what it said. Okay.\
[0:37:36] Speaker #B: Both.\
[0:37:44] Speaker #A: I didn't say that.\
[0:37:45] Speaker #B: Wow, Wait a min. You just said that that won't matter. That that's. You said that day when we both said that there's no way they're like 95% in everything or whatever. That. That's not the point.\
[0:38:08] Speaker #A: Yeah. And that it's not. It's not an intentional identify who is going to exaggerate. Yeah. And it's not that they're. It's not intent. It's not this, like, intentional. Like, this is, you know, like multiple things. This stuff can be true at the same time. Going where they're using it as a way to compensate for insecurity or feeling unsafe or uncertain or whatever, but it's just more. It's intensified. And so it just means that it's probably likely that the friction between the two of them is actually going to be really beneficial for them over the long haul as they continue to make these, like, 1% adjustments. That's what I'm saying. If what's lacking there is this kind of. What I would like for us to try to do is. Because that's not what Elle is saying, and it's not what Angie says, stuff like that, but it's. She'll say like, what I want. What I want you to do this weekend, Mark, is this. But there's like this whole long subtext of, well, it would be done like this and that and this thing and that thing and this thing and this thing and. Right. Kind of like that is. That's why I'm saying, hey, if what you do is. Is get more on paper, we can argue about what one person remembered or didn't remember all day long. But when we try to get something down on paper, where if I wrote down an idea and certainly you'll make the language your own of what if I was like having you repeat some kind of mantra. What I would like for us to try to do is can we collaborate? And I know that sounds very much like you're in some kind of mock un or whatever, but this very. I know, but you can say that this is what Tyler and I talked about is want to try to get. I want to try to get myself down on paper where it's about, like, hey, you and I talking even about, hey, what. Okay. What are your goals with Ella? Just Mark and Ella, where you write, like, something like that, where you have something that exists like that. We've talked about it, like having to do with Mari before, where you're like, hey, I'm trying to figure out how to connect better with Mari and so on. Is it's going to help you for your kind of working memory and so on to be supported in that way. Because if.\
[0:40:59] Speaker #B: Okay, so one problem right now is that if I was to ask you. If you were to ask me, I'mnna say this.\
[0:41:22] Speaker #A: Yeah. Just let it.\
[0:41:25] Speaker #B: The disconnect between me and Angie, I blame on Angie. The disconnect between me and Addie, I blame on Addie. The disconnect between me and Mari, I blame on Mari. I don't see a disconnect between Ella and I. Hmm.\
[0:41:38] Speaker #A: Yeah. Is. It may be that there.\
[0:41:41] Speaker #B: But that's. That's me being that. That sounds total naive because that doesn't make any sense. What this says. That's how I feel. Because I can. There are There. The inroads or whatever. Or with Ella, I can. I can get into. Go in and out with Ella or whatever.\
[0:42:07] Speaker #A: Yeah, it's smoother.\
[0:42:08] Speaker #B: It's smoother. It used to really smoother. Addy. I mean, Mar M. But.\
[0:42:15] Speaker #A: And right. Those could. It could be that the disconnect is associated with puberty.\
[0:42:20] Speaker #B: Yeah. Oh, for sure. Right.\
[0:42:22] Speaker #A: Is that. It's not. There's not going to be a singular with it all. And so what I'm saying is a way to equalise some of that is just go. Even if you're. Even if Mar's like, dad, what are you doing? And you're like, you're saying, well, what I'm trying to do is this thing you. How would you want me to do this differently? And she may go, I don't care.\
[0:42:39] Speaker #B: Go.\
[0:42:40] Speaker #A: I know they won't. I know that they won't because I need feedback. Yes. But let. Let you and I work on that. From the standpoint of go. Is that. Is that typical of how a 13 or 14 year old respond? Yeah, I'd be like, yeah, that makes sense. But that 14 year old is also paying attention. Both things are true. She's going to go like, get away from me, you creep. And she's going to go, oh, no.\
[0:43:07] Speaker #B: They don't do that.\
[0:43:08] Speaker #A: I know.\
[0:43:10] Speaker #B: I'm just. I'm trying to think if that situation really is happening. It's not.\
[0:43:15] Speaker #A: That's what I mean is think of it more like an exercise where you don't know the exact outcome of doing it would be. And more like, hey, this is. It's. We know that there is a certain amount of benefit that will be there, but there's also some. That's just speculative where you're not really going to know how you can anticipate how the girls and Angie might respond. But that's not. The point is, I'm saying, like, hey, it's hard for me to. And anybody to wrangle Angie and have her do something that's kind of outside, like, get more structured and take on more, like, responsibility in this way. As I'm saying, that's not going to be weird for you from the standpoint of how you operate vocational within your job. As I'm saying, like, hey, yeah, let's create for you not being super legalistic because nobody's going to get electrocuted to death in this scenario, but is getting more kind of like, oh, in this scenario with Mari, what I want to try to do is abcd. That's what we're Needing out of Angie. We need it to be more black and white and we need her to behave a little bit more autistically, which she's not. But that ends up being the supporter, the accommodation that she's got to make for herself. When Ella has a tennis match and practises the same day, I inform practise that I will be lateid which is what she's done having to do with today. I mean that's the point is that if we're using if then statements as a way to like just get super anxious over and over. Right. When I headed you off at the past and was like don't go future, that was me keeping you away from the negative version of that. The positive version of that is how.\
[0:45:06] Speaker #B: Do I. I'm just taking what this looks like in my mind. How this actually is plays out real life.\
[0:45:15] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:45:17] Speaker #B: Oay.\
[0:45:19] Speaker #A: I know it's like new and feels strange but, you know.\
[0:45:24] Speaker #B: No, I think some. This is already happening because it's not like written on paper as a contract.\
[0:45:30] Speaker #A: Do you it last like a contract and more like a place to collaborate at first. Now say what it was is like you're the worst case scenario of fear future oriented thinking. Taking Mari to the ER or something. Right. Is part of what we would do is more like a collaborative contract of sorts. Like, hey, Mari, we know you don't. We know that you're struggling on the appetite side, but let's all agree as a team that she knows cognitively that it's important that she get calories, but it's the other portion of it that's interrupting it. And so that's part of what you agree.\
[0:46:04] Speaker #B: Please agree a little bit of this.\
[0:46:06] Speaker #A: I know from the st because she'll.\
[0:46:09] Speaker #B: Come down and she'll go get the easiest thing in the kitchen to curb her appetite.\
[0:46:17] Speaker #A: It's one of those things where you guys are gonna. Both of you are really adept at figuring out what the problem is going to be, but not how to orient on something that might be like handing the ball and running up the middle. Is. I told Angie. I was like, hey, one of the things that's going to happen here you Is you try to make adjustments is the girls are watching. And she goes. I know. I feel like I'm under the microscope right now. I'm like, no, not like that is. It's important that what you do is say, yeah. What I learned from it is really.\
[0:46:49] Speaker #B: She thinks she's under a microscope. Yeah, she's not.\
[0:46:53] Speaker #A: But I know and I told her don't behave that way. Is now is the opportunity to kind of course correct with Ella M. Hmm.\
[0:47:03] Speaker #B: Well, I told her this. I was like, you know, you're better on doing returns than I am. I know. I know. I know when I. When to do the returns or I don't. But I do the returns, but I don't know that I'm doing them or I'm kind of, you know. And I was like, if this is gonn take a big return with Ela, whatever. And you know that already. And, uh. But a's going to beat herself up trying to get it right.\
[0:47:32] Speaker #A: And I.\
[0:47:33] Speaker #B: And you hope you told her.\
[0:47:34] Speaker #A: I said, hey, this isn't right. This isn't a. You know, she kept saying, I got to make it up to her. And I'm like, no, don't. It's not about making it up. It's just about making an adjustment.\
[0:47:44] Speaker #B: Okay, so here we go. Talk about men and women. Angie wants to go back and the bridge that she imploded. Right.\
[0:47:51] Speaker #A: Was to rebuild it, and she knows that she can't.\
[0:47:54] Speaker #B: She. The next bridge has to be better.\
[0:47:58] Speaker #A: She gets it. She gets it. In terms of the theoretical. Okay. Getting it in terms of. Is likely for her to execute it in the future. No, not necessarily. But that's what I mean is that future bridge that y'all are wanting to build. We're in agreement there. You got to have some fucking plans. Right? And it's not because anybody's, like, being intentional or negligent or neglectful. That's not what's happening. It's me going like, I've been banging this drum, and it's not because I'm frustrated.\
[0:48:33] Speaker #B: So can you, like, describe this as more of expectations?\
[0:48:37] Speaker #A: Sure. Expectations. It's you saying, I've got expectations of myself, and I want to see, like, hey, can we collaborate on how we would have expectations of each other, how this would look? And you don't. It's not going to be you. A volume of 400 pages. It's more for us to, like, finally get down to. The black and white of it is we'll pick and choose, but obviously the most important ones right now are having to do with the girls and the finances is. Yeah. Angie's going to keep punting the two of y'all's relationship, but you're certainly closer than you were.\
[0:49:14] Speaker #B: Are we?\
[0:49:15] Speaker #A: I think from the standpoint of how you communicate and engage with each other. Right.\
[0:49:24] Speaker #B: Who's going to inform me?\
[0:49:26] Speaker #A: You tattled on yourself earlier when we're in Here. Right. We're more upfront and like ourselves. That's not how it's been the whole time.\
[0:49:35] Speaker #B: Oh, no, no, no, no. In here is not much different than the house.\
[0:49:39] Speaker #A: That's what I mean. But my experience of that is that yeah, I agree with that. But that is not how it has been in terms of the past interactions and so on. When it's been me in here and you've said to me, hey, you depend on that feedback or that input. If she says more of what she actually feels instead of sitting there afraid of some kind of reaction that she's misinterpreting from you, that's different. That is you guys being closer. Even if the close that you may be thinking of or that people would typically think of is not present yet, it is, it is not above the pale for me to say you are closer.\
[0:50:26] Speaker #B: Okay. I mean it tt me a about surprise that she said, hey, you're supp. You're supposed to stoped me from doing that. I'm like, I know the fuck you talk about, woman. You don't, you don'you't. Be. You don't want to hear from me at all.\
[0:50:39] Speaker #A: And that's why I'm saying she said the same thing to me and you know, it's in the midst of all of the other scattershot that's coming out of her. But that's what I mean is it's an opportunity. That is the gap in the armour. That's why I'm saying, hey, just do something like this is. It's just you kind of saying, okay, you're saying, hey, be more directly involved in my life when I'm, when it's clear that I may be future brain.\
[0:51:17] Speaker #B: No, no.\
[0:51:18] Speaker #A: Okay. It say I heard you and I take it, I'm taking seriously right now.\
[0:51:26] Speaker #B: I'm called by surprise that you think it's okay that she is letting down her guard, wanted me to be more involved in her life.\
[0:51:34] Speaker #A: Yeah. Don't take that as like a, you know, jump in and do everything. That's why I'm saying like, that's why I'm saying like jump in and do this.\
[0:51:44] Speaker #B: I've been hanging around it. I've been hanging out around, watching, you know, watching it my distance, you know, trying to find my opportunity. Opportunity or whatever. And okay, wow, I want, I want.\
[0:52:10] Speaker #A: You and I are going to collaborate on this.\
[0:52:13] Speaker #B: This feels more like a one way street that I need to go and, and you know, and do a return with her or whatever. And she just let me In.\
[0:52:24] Speaker #A: But, but that's a future problem. You don't know. You don't know how right now I.\
[0:52:30] Speaker #B: Need it make the first move or whatever. Okay. I don't. I don't see that as being quite fair.\
[0:52:38] Speaker #A: Yeah, I get, I get it from the fairness standpoint, the, the engagement work.\
[0:52:45] Speaker #B: From me and less work from Hermm.\
[0:52:50] Speaker #A: But it is worth it to you.\
[0:52:56] Speaker #B: Well, I'm fearful of making a mistake or doing it wrong or whatever and it blow up my face.\
[0:53:06] Speaker #A: And that's why what we're talking about here is if you get something down on paper and say, hey, what I want to try to do is she goes huh. No.\
[0:53:14] Speaker #B: What.\
[0:53:14] Speaker #A: Maybe if you did it like this, guess what? You have then confirmed. Not only is there a gap in the armour, she's willing to collaborate with you there.\
[0:53:26] Speaker #B: I you how to start this.\
[0:53:28] Speaker #A: I know, but that's what we're doing is what I'm going to do is I'm going to send you a couple notes and you're just going to kind of like work on it almost like a worksheet and you're going go, hey, Tyler and I are doing this thing and here's what I want to throw at you. That said. What is your schedule dependable? Not dependable. Just depends on the week, depends on the project.\
[0:53:55] Speaker #B: Dependable. Yeah. This time, this time on Mondays would be pretty good.\
[0:54:00] Speaker #A: Okay, let's see.\
[0:54:04] Speaker #B: Because mornings are not going to be good because there'it's meetings and whatever and. Yeah, yeah, I can leave. I can leave the house at 5, get there at 6:15 and leave it 2:00 and come make all these meetings or whatever.\
[0:54:16] Speaker #A: Yeah, yeah, yeah.\
[0:54:17] Speaker #B: And uh. So mornings or not.\
[0:54:22] Speaker #A: No, we don't have to do mornings. I'm trying to figure out a way to get. And that's particularly Mondays orh be pretty good. Okay. But other days of the week that are possible at this like three or four.\
[0:54:37] Speaker #B: Yeah. Day. Except Friday at this point. Or yeah. Any day would be good at 4:00.\
[0:54:47] Speaker #A: Okay. Because those 4:00 get scooped up.\
[0:54:53] Speaker #B: I wonder why.\
[0:54:54] Speaker #A: Yeah, because like my next would be April 7th, which I know is ways away.\
[0:55:05] Speaker #B: I mean for me to have a 9 o'clock here in the morning.\
[0:55:08] Speaker #A: Oh, I get it. I totally. I'm not saying like, hey, you shouldn't. You know, it should be a different way. Like I could do 4:30 on April 7th.\
[0:55:17] Speaker #B: Yeah. O. That's fine.\
[0:55:18] Speaker #A: Okay. And then what I'm gonna do tomorrow is I'm going to get. I wanted to get this one down. But then I want to get out of ahead. Meaning, like get something that's. You know. We knew that there was going to be this adjustment period with you starting the new gig.\
[0:55:35] Speaker #B: But see last Monday, the. When the PM's. He couldn't do the meeting on Friday as he moved us on Monday. So we had two meetings in the same week because Move the meeting.\
[0:55:49] Speaker #A: Yeah, I mean, I get it.\
[0:55:51] Speaker #B: EV charges from Mara. And working for Mara is.\
[0:55:54] Speaker #A: Oh, I'm sure it sucks.\
[0:55:55] Speaker #B: Oh, you can't imagine.\
[0:55:57] Speaker #A: No. Yeah.\
[0:55:58] Speaker #B: We're the general contractor. Ter.\
[0:56:00] Speaker #A: I know, I know. That's what Angie told me.\
[0:56:02] Speaker #B: Y electricians. We're the general contractor.\
[0:56:05] Speaker #A: Yeah. That's wild to me.\
[0:56:06] Speaker #B: MARTA subbed it out to Georgia Power and then Georg as a general contractor, not Georgia Power. And then Georgia Power turn around and subd out to us as a general contractor. So if we have an RFI which I've already had like 300 has to go to Georgia Power. They have to put it into their format. So we't allowed to use their format. We put it in our own format. Then they have to take it from our format and put it in their format. Then it goes from their format into MARTA s format.\
[0:56:41] Speaker #A: Oh, yeah, sure.\
[0:56:43] Speaker #B: That.\
[0:56:44] Speaker #A: It's just a total. So.\
[0:56:46] Speaker #B: But Siemens works for us. Right. Because we're buying the equipment. Right?\
[0:56:52] Speaker #A: Sure.\
[0:56:52] Speaker #B: So we asked rfi. Right. That goes to marta. MARTA is not like to talk to Siemens because Siemens works for us.\
[0:57:07] Speaker #A: I'd rather you have to deal with that kind of bureaucratic, like stupid nonsense, like corporate stuff where you're like, oh, they're just big and dumb. They don't. They're not flexible then. Right. People with their fingers stuck up their ass. Like, you know, like the past two places you worked for.\
[0:57:25] Speaker #B: Yeah. This is much betterus. This is a little slower. Paceus. They're arguing over one screw for a year.\
[0:57:31] Speaker #A: Yeah. And you'guess who's still getting paid.\
[0:57:35] Speaker #B: Right. Right now we'renn argue for wood screw for a year.\
[0:57:41] Speaker #A: Yeah.\
[0:57:42] Speaker #B: Mar is like, well, this is not.\
[0:57:46] Speaker #A: No, I get it.\
[0:57:50] Speaker #B: And I get from Marin's point, because there's a bunch of people out there trying to do work, whatever, and Mara'gott have some type of regulation, some type of, you know.\
[0:57:59] Speaker #A: Yeah. So yeah, there's. It's one of those things where the project. The situation is in fact so big that there's no.\
[0:58:08] Speaker #B: That's a bigger project. Mara has their own specifics.\
[0:58:12] Speaker #A: Right.\
[0:58:13] Speaker #B: And it's a bit. It's a bit. It's Great. It's very granular, right.\
[0:58:21] Speaker #A: H but has to be from the safety standpoint.\
[0:58:25] Speaker #B: I can see no, just, you know, concrete and tree drains and, you know, getting it all tested or whatever. I mean, I'm sure it has to be all. Yeah, all legit.\
[0:58:36] Speaker #A: So I. I mean, I can't imagine at the level of detail that would be necessary with all that.\
[0:58:43] Speaker #B: I've neverice saw a pentagraph before. You know, a pentagraph is u hu.\
[0:58:47] Speaker #A: Not in terms of. I know, in terms of the, like, concept, but not in terms of something probably that detail.\
[0:58:52] Speaker #B: Well, the first pictograph, right. Was a. Was a train, right. That had a wire coming up, touching another wire, right. Getting electricity. Y. That's a pentraaph. No, it's not. It's a whatever. But the pentraph is a arm that rides on. So we're starting a downward pentagraphs that attaches to the top. The bus goes on a bus that can charge his bus in three minutes.\
[0:59:17] Speaker #A: Holy shit.\
[0:59:18] Speaker #B: I'm about to put a thousand amps on this bus. Don't touch it. I mean, you can't.\
[0:59:25] Speaker #A: Yeah, no, I'm sure you gotta have all the safety crap.\
[0:59:28] Speaker #B: No, it's. It's a. But it's on top of the bus. Yeah. You can't reach up me'no. Way to reach up there. It's all got carard rails on. I've already seen the bus. They've already bought them.\
[0:59:36] Speaker #A: Cool.\
[0:59:36] Speaker #B: So right now Marta is having to use these portable chargers on like a. On wheels or whatever and take them the buses and charge them up. And it takes like 6 hours per bus to charge them. And they had to move the buses around every day. And they're just. I'm sure they're done over it. Y. They're over it. But we're. So we're. We're going to install some pedestals, right? There are 200amps each or 400amps each DC because right now I think there are re 100amps, the portable ones. So we're going to double it. We're putting a bunch of those in so they can. But whatever.\
[1:00:14] Speaker #A: I mean, it seems like at least, slow as it may be, at least some like, decently cool, like, different type problem.\
[1:00:21] Speaker #B: I've already seen all types of problems or whatever. And it's like, you know, they're trying to sayve Mar, don't solve everything from Marta right now. Yeah. Because when the engineer drew it up, he didn't drop. He didn't understand where the charging port is on the bus. Yeah. So his placement, all these u. What do you call, dispensers might not work and whatever.\
[1:00:47] Speaker #A: But that's what we talked about, you know, a year ago was like, you being in a position where re like, mark, how do we fix this?\
[1:00:53] Speaker #B: Right, right.\
[1:00:54] Speaker #A: And it being, like, legitimate, and you finding yourself and doing. Doing work.\
[1:00:58] Speaker #B: That fits.\
[1:00:59] Speaker #A: That fits you better.\
[1:01:00] Speaker #B: Right.\
[1:01:00] Speaker #A: So I'm glad that that's the case.\
[1:01:02] Speaker #B: Well, one thing is that I don't have to do, you know, weeks worth of work in one day. Whatever. I have to stay until 8:00. Ye to finish it. And then know. Yeah.\
[1:01:12] Speaker #A: Where they're like, yeah, this needed to be done yesterday.\
[1:01:13] Speaker #B: And it's like, you.\
[1:01:28] Speaker #A: All right? See, Mark.}